hey guys it's Melissa and then really
saw I have read up a vlog in a month
I'm just really swamped with school and
everything already and homework I've
just been getting so much so I'm gonna
get back into the swing of things and
start putting up lots of videos and
stuff again so yeah um so I'm just
making a lot today just to catch up well
you guys to catch up with what I'm doing
and stuff like that and yeah let's get
started I have a new channel it's called
Melissa X music that's for all my music
videos because I got two strikes on
Lomas uglies and I'm gonna put up a
video on the both channels so watch them
both you know want to know the
explanations and stuff like that cuz I'm
not going to just go through another
video explaining why so um yeah I have
to start a new video channel on that and
I will be putting these if it isn't
Palomas office but I will still be
putting up play skits and everything so
stay tuned and subscribe to both
channels link will be in the dog down
boy from a new channel um yeah so the
two videos that got deleted were or they
cut strikes where where I can say that
um keep paying the best love song so
that got deleted and last Friday night
Katy Perry and that got deleted so do
videos they both believe in my Katy
Perry last Friday night had almost two
thousand two hundred thousand views
though I had two hundred thousand views
and my the best love song TV t-pain had
nearly a hundred thousand views so it's
pretty it sucks that they both activated
and I really loved in a few sick videos
and I feel a lot of time into them so
yeah and but I haven't talked to you
guys since I got my new hair her hair um
I got fringe um and some people like it
some people don't so whatever I don't
care
I don't know
I like it so yeah I'm still finding the
side but I think I'm just gonna grow it
out and cut it in the side fringe again
I don't know so I might keep it I don't
know what do you guys think
um oh I got a new Twitter name as well
it's called Melissa ex music so them
into my new Twitter will be in the
downbar go follow me if you haven't
already and you can stalk me
so um about school um it really sucks I
don't I really don't like school and a
lot of people say like you get bored of
summer and I'm like no you don't like
how can you get bored of summer I hate
school I absolutely hate it it is so
boring and you get homework like wants
to love about that and I'm just every
night I can't even go out anymore
I have to stay and then take for three
or four hours to do all my homework and
this is kind of short and but that's all
I couldn't think of to talk about um I
will have one app soon so yeah bye guys